hey scrappers masseur again so I think
we're gonna have a little chat about it
was actually a viewer suggestion talking
about scrapper etiquette or best
behavior best practices when scrapping
metal I think for me anyway scrapping
mill is a lot of common sense a lot of
treat other people the way you would
like to be treated
for example picking up scrap i'll only
pick something up if it's out by the
road clearly you know out there to give
away if it has a free sign on it but
even still it's good to you know see if
someone's home knock on the door and ask
if you can take it a lot of times you'll
find that they'll actually have more
stuff for you which is you know great
for you most of the stuff that I get is
in direct response to ads that I place
so I know that people are willing to
part with you know whatever scrap they
have I think it's it's very important to
be clean if you're going to you know
pick up a bunch of scrap from someone's
house make sure you don't leave a mess
behind make sure you don't tear up lawns
and things like that you want to make
sure that basically your customer is
happy with what you provide the service
so make sure to clean make sure you're
polite to them don't be rude and nasty
make sure that you don't look like a
slob completely it's a good idea to you
know return phone calls or emails as
quickly as possible don't make people
wait if they have to wait they're gonna
go somewhere else there's all kinds of
people out there these days we're
scrapping metal and most people realize
that and they're not afraid to you know
move on to the next person one
unfortunate thing is that you know in
recent years scrappers have gotten a
pretty bad reputation they've been a lot
of you know theft issues a lot of people
stealing scrap metal and a lot of people
think that it's you know no the honest
trappers who are doing that I realized
it's just someone who
you know it's just usually out for that
one time it will steal a bunch of copper
pipe out of an abandoned home or
something just makes you know a quick
buck most rappers are in it for the long
haul so it's very important that you
know you keep honest make sure that you
treat your customers well and they'll
they'll return the business and they'll
you know spread the word and that's
probably the best thing best thing there
is is is word of mouth one one thing
that I like to keep in my cars you know
quite a few magnets from microwaves and
magnetron magnets I have them attached
to to a board it's mean it's like a
broom so if I'm picking up scrap at
someone's home and I want to make sure
that I clean up after myself they show
there's no screws or nails on the ground
I want them to get a flat tire and you
know have that be my responsibility it
also makes them happy that you're
picking up things especially if you have
you know rusted items you know if you
drop something and you get a lot of
those rust flakes all over the place the
magnets will pick that up so just you
know make sure you're clean when you
leave the place looking as good as it
was when you got there if not better so
that's that's pretty much all I can
think of for scrapping etiquette if you
can think of something else that you do
that I didn't mention and by all means
please you know comment right down here
I want to hear I'm sure all my other
viewers would would like to see it as
well so thanks for watching go make some
money stop don't go anywhere
leave a comment down here I want to hear
from you want to know if you think I'm
doing something great if you don't like
what I'm doing if I miss something by
all means let me know write it right
down here in the comments all of my
other viewers want to see what you have
to say as well the whole reason why I do
this is to help share information so
that we can all be on the same page and
you know knowledge is power the more
knowledge you have about these things
the more money you can make so we're all
in this together go make some money
oh and don't forget to Like and
subscribe